[clattering]
[boy] Noon tomorrow...
[gasps]
A visitor will be
coming to see you.
But you must not meet them.
No matter what
you absolutely cannot go
to the visiting room.
There's a visitor for you.
[gasps]
[gasps] What?
Abandon this visit
and go back to your cell.
[Jolyne] Old man...
[Jotaro] Johngalli A.
He's the one
who plotted everything.
In other words, Johngalli A.
is most definitely
a Stand User.
All you need to understand
is that you're being
targeted right now.
I'll get you out
of here immediately.
[Jolyne] The handcuffs.
When did they...?
Jolyne! Get away from
that door now!
[grunts in pain]
Star Platinum: The World!
Time, stop!
[grunts]
[coughing]
What the fuck?
d I just get shot?
Don't move!
He's begun his assault.
So it was reacting to
the air currents
in order to predict
our location.
Don't move until we know
the mechanism of the snipes.
We clear?
Don't order me around
like I'm a stupid child.
-I know that already!
-[guard] Bitch!
F... FE40536.
Who do you think
you're talking to, you bitch?
[Jotaro] Jolyne! [grunts]
-Are you...?
-Don't move.
And be sure not to
raise your voice.
It will keep
scouting our location.
Johngalli A. is able to read
the flow of air
with that thing.
It could even be able
to react
to mild changes
in our breathing.
And that Stand
is a satellite.
His sniping satellite,
where he aims his rifle
at the Stand,
which then redirects
the bullet.
Johngalli A. is
in the men's prison.
There's no way we can
attack him from this room,
so instead we have
to smash his satellite Stand.
Because any damage inflicted
on the Stand
is passed through to
the User as well.
Yeah, I know.
But... the problem is,
when we move to strike it,
the change in
the air current
will give him our locations,
and he'll attack us
immediately.
[grunts in pain]
[tense music playing]
[stiff exhale]
[sighs]
-[determined grunt]
-[whoosh]
Don't move away
from the wall, Jolyne!
It's actively hunting you!
Jolyne.
What are you doing?
[opening theme song playing]
[footsteps approaching]
[tense music playing]
[clicking]
[squeaking]
[Johngalli]
I can hardly afford
to place my faith in muscles.
When the skin is exposed
to the wind,
muscles become stressed
and cause subtle expansions
and contractions.
These minor movements
are ones
that the body cannot control.
[clicks]
I support the rifle
with bone.
The bone embraces
the certainty of the ground,
and the gun unifies with it.
I place my trust
in that stability.
Meteorologists say
wind movements
are unpredictable,
and they have a point.
But that doesn't mean
it's impossible.
[clicking]
-[buzzing]
-[metal clinks]
Is this fly simply buzzing
around aimlessly in space?
Hardly.
This fly is guided
by the smell
and flow of the air
as it flies.
For the wind is the movement
of the fly.
[buzzing]
[clanks]
[labored buzzing]
Just as the guard said,
Jotaro Kujo has appeared.
He's here visiting
his daughter,
Jolyne Cujoh,
which means two bearers
of the Joestar bloodline
are in that visiting room,
placing them within range
of my Downtown Transfer!
Joestar, Joestar,
Joestar, Joestar!
When I've finally
erased your legacy,
only then will
my life truly begin!
At last,
I will exact my vengeance
for you robbing me of
my heart's support!
-[exhales]
-[fire alarm ringing]
-[water splashing]
-[ringing continues]
[exhales]
[metal clanking]
[Jotaro] I see...
You said we needed to take
this thing out, is that right?
Watch it.
The droplets are making
it move erratically
because it can't detect
the air flow!
Now!
Stone Ocean!
Wait, Jolyne! Look closer!
[grunts]
[Jotaro] It's dodging the drops
of water one by one.
It's reading the shifts
in the air current
caused by the drops.
Jolyne, get back to the wall
before it shoots you.
[whooshes]
Well, this blows.
Once the guards get here,
the air will
all shift at once.
[ringing]
-[knocking]
-[startled exhale]
-[boy] Jolyne, you must listen.
-Huh?
Hurry! You have to move
the stone block
at the bottom of the pillar!
Hit it with all you've got!
You again?
Don't worry about me!
Just do it!
Got it? Don't forget
what I told you!
I want you to
make it through this.
[cracking]
I have no idea
what's going on,
but this hole here
between the walls
leads down there.
It's some kind of passageway.
Perhaps into
the prison sewers.
Or through a vent?
Where the hell does it go?
For all we know,
it could lead outside.
Let's go, Jolyne.
We haven't got a choice.
[whooshing]
-It went away.
-No, it didn't!
It's close.
It's merely attempting
to determine
the perfect shooting angle.
You're wrong.
It went to chase him.
The boy on the other side
of this door.
It's trying to kill the boy
who told us about
the secret passageway.
Jolyne, take cover!
I came here today
to help you get out
of this place!
[glass clinks]
[whirring]
Before I came to this room,
that boy...
He grabbed my arm
as I walked by. He did.
As strange as
it may seem, he's here.
Just an ordinary kid
like you'd see in the park
and a total stranger to me,
for whatever it's worth.
And yet...
He grabbed me as
if he depended on me.
It was strangely soothing.
The warmth of his hand
holding my arm.
That's why I'm going back in.
I'm gonna defeat Johngalli A.
before he shoots
that poor kid.
[exhales]
Good grief.
[sinister music playing]
[guard 1] Check visitation!
The fire alarm is coming
from there!
[guard 2]
I don't know the situation,
because there's no...
Where? Where did he go?
That boy...
Where the hell did he
come from?
And how was he able
to just disappear like that?
[guard 1] Hurry! It's room B!
[metal clinks]
-[wind howling]
-[gasps]
Did he dig this hole?
In this wall?
He must have gone in here.
[Johngalli]
This one's height is
roughly four and half
eet tall.
He's small. Like a child.
I don't know who he is,
but the hole that
suddenly opened is a vent.
I can tell right
where it leads
by the movement of the wind.
But still...
I must do everything
in my power
to prevent that little guy
from guiding
Jotaro and Jolyne
to the vent where
my bullets have
no hope of reaching them!
I will not lose sight
of them any longer!
I'll shoot down
that little brat first!
[Jotaro] Jolyne...
The situation has
gotten too heavy.
Now the Stand can only
be used for defense.
If we try to attack it,
it will detect the change
in air flow.
It's way too heavy.
Hey, you!
You aren't allowed to
leave visitation!
This is the prison side!
-[sighs] Good grief.
-Visitors must remain on...
What the--? Huh?
[labored breathing]
[gasps]
[gasps] That thing is here too!
It really is hunting
for that kid.
But how does he plan
to shoot
a bullet from
the men's prison
into a utility room
that has no windows?
What? Hold on, is he...?
[gasps] That hatch... Clever!
Nice work, kid.
I just hope you're
as lucky as you are smart.
If his entire body is
in the water,
there are no air currents.
Especially inside the pipe.
Looks like it already
lost sight of him too.
And there aren't any windows
in this room.
There's no way
he can shoot--
[gasps]
That pipe!
But why... and from where?
-[boom]
-[metal clanks]
You're kidding!
[anxiously exhales]
[gasps]
[bullet shell clanks]
Distance, 321 meters.
The bullet drops 9.5
centimeters in transit.
Wind speed of 3.2 meters
from the right.
This shifts the bullet
4.2 centimeters left.
Target identified.
Point of aim is locked
on his heart.
Watch out! Stone Ocean!
Those threads!
It's Jolyne Cujoh.
I clearly recognize her Stand.
She's just jumped
out of cover!
Is she an idiot?
You really think
that will save you?
Shifting point of aim
to Jolyne!
Head shot lined up!
Now say "cheese"!
[clinks]
[chuckles]
-[gasps]
-[upbeat music playing]
-What?
-[coughs]
Well, look at that.
Glad I broke that
pipe earlier. [coughs]
[strains] When I...
busted the pipe coming
in here.
I remembered some
basic science.
Gas is lightweight,
so when it accumulates
around a given area,
it can create a completely
separate air flow,
which would put you at
a disadvantage
reading the air currents.
[coughs]
Guess I was right.
[grunts] What did you do?
It's over!
I've already caught you!
Stone Ocean!
[groans in pain]
[metal clatters]
Seems like Johngalli A.
couldn't read his own luck.
-[clatters]
-[gasps]
Hey, who are you?
And how the hell is
a little kid like you
able to move freely
around this prison?
[cracks]
[grunts]
That hurt.
This thing...
That's right.
You gave this to me earlier.
What is this?
Looks like some kind of bone.
Why did you hand this to me?
You told me not to go
to the visiting room.
How do you know
so much about me?
[small gasp]
I want an answer!
In time...
things will be... revealed.
Just hold onto
what I gave you,
no matter what.
The smell... is that your doing?
I captured
Johngalli A.'s sniper Stand.
He wasn't so tough
when I had it in my net.
And so,
I smashed it to pieces.
[theme song playing]
I see.
It would appear you've already
grown accustomed
accustomed to fighting
using your Stand.
It's not like
I wanted to. [gasps]
[gasps]
[breathes nervously]
He's in here! Behind that!
I just saw him moving!
[grunts] Hide! He has a rifle!
He's up there
behind that pipe!
He crawled up above
that tank.
That would be impossible.
He fired from
the men's prison,
which is two to three hundred
meters away.
Add in dozens of steel bars,
and the fact that
the man is almost blind,
how in the world would
he have been able
to get here so quickly?
No idea, but I saw him
in here with us!
Get down! [gasps]
He's in the crawl space
above you!
Very well. I trust you.
Ora!
[crackling]
Prepare yourself.
I'm sure enough gas
has accumulated by now.
[thuds]
[clanks]
We did it!
Hey, the coast is clear now!
Huh?
What?
The kid... where'd he go?
Hey, you can come out.
We took care of the bad guy!
Come out and
tell me what's going on!
Hey, what are you doing?
I'm looking for the kid!
Did you happen to see
which way the little boy went?
I don't understand
what you're asking.
Who's this boy
you're talking about?
[exhales]
There was this kid.
How could you not see him
in his baseball gear?
That's who I was talking to
when we were in
the visiting room.
It was this boy.
Johngalli A. was even trying
to kill this kid
for getting in his way.
Kill him?
Seriously, I don't know
what you're talking about.
You came all the way down
to this room on your own.
That's why I decided to
follow you down.
[Jolyne] Hang on.
That doesn't make any sense.
You should've heard
the boy's voice at least.
There's no way
you wouldn't have heard him!
He's the one who told us
about the secret passage
in the first place.
We talked about it, remember?
Did you hear a ghost talking?
I don't know anything
about secret passageways.
Damn it, old man!
Why are you trying to mess
with my head
at a time like this?
You came here through
that secret passageway
just like I did!
[gasps]
Wait a second...
S--Something about you
just seems off...
Your wound.
What the hell happened
to that bullet wound you had?
A wound?
Johngalli A. shot you
in your left shoulder.
I saw it.
And yet your arm
isn't bleeding... at all.
[gasps] What? Mine too!
My gunshot wound
just disappeared!
[gasps] And who is this?
[gasps] That isn't Johngalli A.!
It's one of the guards!
But... I thought he'd been shot
in the head
in the visiting room!
No sign of a wound at all.
What gunshots are
you talking about?
And who the devil is
this "Johngalli A."?
[gasps]
What the hell is happening?
This can't be right.
It doesn't make any sense!
[gasps]
What the hell is going on?!
I know that something
even more unfortunate
than death will occur.
No matter what,
you absolutely cannot go
to the visiting room.
The visiting room...
That's right. It was odd
right from the start!
My handcuffs.
When did they disappear?
And that bullet...
I'd been shot!
But did any of that
really happen?
Neither myself
nor Dad are even wounded...
Did Johngalli A.
even attack us?
I can't keep things straight
anymore.
How strange.
None of this makes any sense!
This isn't reality!
I must be hallucinating.
Or else...
it's someone else's doing!
No way.
Stop it!
[dripping]
[gasps]
[groans]
[dripping continues]
A dream?
Was that all... a dream?
But...
When did I start dreaming?
[oozing]
Looks like I really did
beat up that guard though.
I guess that's real.
This is a photo of
Johngalli A...
That's the same one
that Dad showed me.
He told me about
the accident
with the hitchhiker.
How Johngalli A.
set it all up...
back then...
That's real.
After that, I got up
and tried to leave this room.
That's when I realized
my handcuffs were gone.
Ever since then...
No.
if we're still sitting
at this table,
it happened before that.
I haven't stepped foot
out of the visiting room
since I got here.
That means...
My mind made it all up?
Johngalli A.'s Stand?
All that bullshit
about air currents?
The secret passageway,
and what followed...
From the moment we stepped
into this visitation room,
we fell into a trap
and have been
hallucinating ever since...
Slowly, but surely,
as if we were sitting
in a huge snake's stomach,
we were melting away!
The boy hiding in
the trash can,
who gave me this bone...
He's real!
I woke up
from this nightmare
because I hurt my hand
on this bone.
Without this sharp pain,
I would've stayed asleep
and died!
[cracks]
This power of illusions.
This must be
Johngalli A.'s actual Stand!
[screams in pain]
[hisses]
My thread.
I can't keep it together!
Oh, shit!
[grunts]
Damn it.
I'm tired,
but I can't go to sleep again.
No way.
I'm not going out like this.
We have to escape from
this god damn room!
[grunting in effort]
[straining]
[yelling]
Stone Ocean!
["Distant Dreamer"
by Duffy playing]